# File I/O

## Check your understanding

1. In Python's open function for creating file objects, the first argument is the __________ and the second object is the ___________.  
	a. file path, file type  
	b. file name, file directory  
	c. file path, string denoting whether you are reading or writing  
	d. file name, string denoting whether you are reading or writing  

2. How can you close a file object (file_obj) after it is opened?  
	a. `file_obj.close()`  
	b. `file_obj = None`  
	c. `del file_obj`  
	d. `os.close(file_obj)`  

3. Mac (and Linux) systems use a new line character "\n" and will revert any "\r" to "\n". Windows systems will only revert "\r\n" pairs to "\n". Say you have received a file from a system which is not your own. How can you specify what the newline character is when opening a file?  
	a. `f.read(newline="\n")`  
	b. `f = open(file_path, newline="\n")`  
	c. `f.readlines(newline="\n")`  
	d. `f.configure(newline="\n")`  

4. What type of method can you use to request a string from the user?  
	a. the `Scanner` `next()` method  
	b. the `sys.std_input` method  
	c. the `input` method  
	d. the `os.getstring()` method  

5. When using Python, in what scenario might you find yourself reading binary data?  
	a. when your data is really big  
	b. when you want to encrypt your data  
	c. when lots of different data is in one file  
	d. when reading data generated by other (typically older) coding language  

6. What module would you use to read general binary data into typical Python types?  
	a. `bin`  
	b. `os`  
	c. `sys`  
	d. `struct`  

7. What kind of variable or objects can be stored in a pickle file?  
	a. ints, floats, and doubles  
	b. characters and strings  
	c. lists and dictionaries  
	d. any type, any object, and anything else  

8. What does the shelve module do?  
	a. it quickly stores data in RAM for easy access  
	b. it creates a dictionary-like object that stores data on a disk  
	c. its a special file to store lists of data for the the long term  
	d. its the same thing as a dict stored in a pickle object  
